Fix several errors in the 2.204.1 changelog and upgrade guide (#2722)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_data/upgrades/2-204-1.adoc

> Remove the `downloadSettings` and `useBrowser` lines from the configuration as code file to resolve those errors.

Reviewer: I wonder whether there are users of CasC who would be confused/overwhelmed by an instruction like "remove the `downloadSettings` entry". I think it's unlikely.

Author: I think you're right.  The phrasing would be simpler if it said:
```suggestion
Remove the `downloadSettings` entry from the configuration as code file to resolve those errors.
```

Is that what you were thinking or did I misunderstand?

Reviewer: Right, I would basically assume working knowledge of YAML here and phrase it like this.
